[[Kairon]]

Kairon’s Character Biography When Kairon was an infant, his biological parents were falsely accused of stealing and were sentenced to jail. Before they were arrested, his parents tried to escape during which they accidentally tripped and bumped his head and broke the horn on his head, and they hid him in a forest so the police couldn’t find him. Consequently, Kairon had the appearance of a normal human as long as he hid his tail under his clothes and used magic tricks to change his eye color.


1.Then a sage master, who was also a tiefling, came by and found him sleeping under a tree. The master decided to adopt him and teach him all his knowledge. 

So Kairon grew up with a wise and loving adoptive father who is also his mentor. The master had his own son, who later became Kairon’s best friend. The two of them spent their childhood together practicing tiefling spells and learning how to read and write in not only the Infernal and common language, but also elvish and undercommon since those were what their father majored in. 

They also studied arcana and history under the influence of their father’s friends, who were academia professors from various races. Kairon always admired how wise and resourceful his sage father was, since most tieflings in this world lived their lives in poverty and misery due to discrimination even though it is not their fault, much like his biological parents, and tieflings as wealthy and as educated as the sage master were rare. This also led to most of Kairon’s fundamental personality traits and the way he perceives the world. He is always willing to interpret things through different lenses to find the explanation that seemed the most neutral. He also held no grudges to any race, not even humans, probably because he doesn’t know that his parents were imprisoned because of them. He does doubt that his parents left him because of the oppression of humans, but he had no evidence and he does not want to assume. He also loves studying. He feels the fulfillment from his soul just by acquiring new knowledge. But the probable downside to this is that sometimes he neglects trivial solutions and insists on coming up with answers that contain deeper meanings.

Later in their teenage years, Kairon and his best friend decided to leave home and join a class of their choice to learn more skills. Kairon enlisted in the paladin army and worked there for two years as a trainee. He learned other skills related to paladins, such as insight and medicine. However, when he came back home, he found out his best friend was missing. His sage father said that his friend became a monk in some mysterious temple, but they lost contact recently. They started looking for him, but found nothing useful, except for the piece of information that he might be dead. But Kairon is not the kind to believe rumors before they are confirmed. So he decided to look for his friend around the world and seek magic power capable of locating and reviving his friend. Before he left, his sage father gave him the very last letter his friend wrote, and other equipment that he might need.
